WIP add ADR for toolbox-s2i integration (#306)
thoth-station/core: docs/adr/0005-toolbox-enabled-s2i.md

# Enable S2I containers to be used with `toolbox`

* Status: proposed
* Date: 2021-Jul-16

Technical Story: As a Data Scientist, I want to use `toolbox enter` with any ODH/PS container image, so that I can run my NLP-PyTorch Jupyter Notebbok, and so that I can use horus to manage my notebook's dependencies.

## Context and Problem Statement

We want Data Scientists to be able to start working on Jupyter notebooks on their local laptops, and later on easily

> migrate their work to Open Data Hub. Therefor we wan to provide the same container images and tools. If they are working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrate their work to Open Data Hub. Therefore we want to provide the same container images and tools. If they are working
```

> on their local machines, the integration with the local operating system shall be as thighly as possible, therefor we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on their local machines, the integration with the local operating system shall be as tighten as possible, therefore we
```

want them to use `toolbox`.

## Decision Drivers

* enhance user experience

## Considered Options

* 'toolbox layer ontop S2I' standard name currently, but not everyone knows what S2I is.
* add toolbox requirments to `s2i-minimal-notebook`

## Decision Outcome

### Positive Consequences

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data scientists can experience the actual environment locally and will be able to provide feedback which can be useful for ODH as well
```

### Negative Consequences

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently lot of data scientists is working in groups, doing local work and sharing work would lead to more copy&paste
```
